Document subctl validate commands (#469)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/operations/deployment/subctl/_index.en.md

| `--verbose`                         | Produce verbose logs during benchmark tests
<!-- markdownlint-enable line-length -->

### `validate`

The `subctl validate` is a diagnostic tool that can be used to validate the Submariner deployment.

> This tool can be helpful to detect a specific problem when `subctl verify` failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool can be helpful to detect issues with the Submariner deployment or some configurations in the cluster that may prevent Submariner from working properly.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the review comments @tpantelis. 

Broadly, there are two types of validation this tool does 
1. If there is some issue with Submariner deployment itself.
2. If there are any configuration issues in the Cluster because of which Submariner functionality will be affected.

Can you please suggest accordingly.

Reviewer: I updated my comment.  @dfarrell07 Wdyt?

Reviewer 3: LGTM :+1:

Below is a list of available validate commands:

<!-- markdownlint-disable line-length -->

> | Validate command                    | Description                                                                 | Flags     | Falgs Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Validate command                    | Description                                                                 | Flags     | Flags Description
```

|:------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------|:------

> | `validate deployment`               | validate that the Submariner components are properly deployed and running with no overlapping CIDRs

Reviewer 2: Since `validate` is being repeated, shall we remove it and only show the sub-command?

> | `validate deployment`               | validate that the Submariner components are properly deployed and running with no overlapping CIDRs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate deployment`               | checks that the Submariner components are properly deployed and running with no overlapping CIDRs
```

> | `validate connections`              | validate that the gateway connections are all established

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate connections`              | checks that the gateway connections are all established
```

| `validate k8s-version`              | checks whether or not Submariner can be deployed on the Kubernetes version

> | `validate kube-proxy-mode [flags]`  | checks if the kube-proxy mode is supported by Submariner                    | `--namespace` `<string>` | Namespace in which validation pods should be deployed. If no `namespace` flag is specified, it uses `default` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate kube-proxy-mode [flags]`  | checks if the kube-proxy mode is supported by Submariner                    | `--namespace` `<string>` | Namespace in which validation pods should be deployed. If not specified, the `default` namespace is used.
```

| `validate cni`                      | checks whether or not the detected CNI network plugin is supported by Submariner

> | `validate firewall intra-cluster [flags]`  | checks whether the firewall configuration allows traffic via the Submariner VxLAN interface | `--validation-timeout` `<value>` | Timeout in seconds while validating the connection attempt

Reviewer 2: Thanks for pushing the documentation PR @maayanf24.

As you know, we now have `validate firewall` as a root command with sub-commands like `vxlan`, `ipsec` and `metrics`. Please update this section.

PS: Regarding `ipsec`, I'm thinking whether we should use something generic like `tunnel` so that the same sub-command can be used across different CableDrivers.

Author: @sridhargaddam  Thanks for the review.
I've added `metrics` command, and will add `ipsec` when a relevant PR will be ready.
